Move runtime details from binaries spec to sdk spec (#106)
prisma/specs: binaries/Readme.md

Prisma migration engine binary uses JSON RPC over stdio.

## Process Management

> [This spec](../sdk-js/engine-runtime) covers the process management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is covered in the [Prisma Engine Runtime (for JavaScript/TypeScript) spec](../sdk-js/engine-runtime).
```
